Update README (#15)
Cardinal-Cryptography/common-amm-stable-swap: README.md

## Acknowledgement

> The contracts here implement a constant-sum AMM based on the Curve and Ref Finance. Code has been adapted to work with ink! and be more easily integrated with already-existing Common AMM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contracts here implement a StableSwap invariant AMM based on the Curve and Ref Finance. Code has been adapted to work with ink! and be more easily integrated with already-existing Common AMM.
```
